RDoc-1334 Customize data location seperate to seperated to different page and a relevant concerns added (#839)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/4.0/Raven.Documentation.Pages/server/storage/customize-data-locations.markdown

﻿# Storage : Storing Data in Custom Locations and Seperate Devices

{PANEL: Theory}

{NOTE: The motivation to separate devices by customizing data locations, may be:}

* Avoiding traffic jams.

* Better concurrency.

> * To focos specific performence (e.g. speed / durability) to specific data (jurnal/voron of system/database/index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To focus specific performance (e.g. speed / durability) to specific data (journal/Voron of system/database/index).
```

{NOTE/}

{NOTE: The main players are:}

> * **Journals** - unbuffered single writing that typically only written to (Except for recovery). They also detain commit operations, since commit will not be confirmed until the writing is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Journals** - unbuffered sequential writes that typically only written to (Except for recovery). They also are in the critical path for commit operations, since commit will not be confirmed until the writing is done.
```

Author: done

> * **Raven.voron files** - buffered random writing. They do not detain any operation, but slow devices may cause to memory load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Raven.voron files** - memory mapped, buffered, with random reads and writes. Write operations are async, but slow devices may cause slow downs (especially on reads).
```

Author: done

{NOTE/}

> Each database includes journal, Raven.voron file and indexs. Each index includes journal and Raven.voron file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each database includes `Journals` folder, `Raven.voron` data file, a `Temp` folder and `Indexes` folder. Each index folder has its own `Journals` and `Temp` folder and a `Raven.voron` file.
```

Author: done

> All that parts operate concurrecy with the others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All these parts operate concurrency with the others.
```

Reviewer: which parts?

Author: done

> Every part can be seperate to differnt device and the exact arrangement depends upon the specific server instance.

Reviewer: Part? What is that in this context.
You _mean_, I think, type of file. But this needs to be explicitly called out

Author: done
